---
layout: post
title: Week 15
date: 2018-11-12 12:00
categories: project
---

## David's meeting
I showed David what I had done last week and he seemed impressed with what he did. But another reason that I wanted

## What I've done

### Readme

I had borrowed Aidyn's file because most of his README looks similar to what I was doing (e.g. using Django) I added other things such as Database connection and where to put the Gensim models. 

### Moving all the things onto the live server repo

I started to move all my things onto the new repo so whoever takes over my project can work 

So this means that I would to tweak a few files, I will add a few if statements so that if it's a Windows computer it runs this function otherwise if it's running the live server (Linux) it would use.

I've added an if function for the databases line in the settings.py file, so that if the operating system is Windows then it would run the SQL database, otherwise it uses the MySQL server.

The other function that I modified is in the loadModels.py. For the loading models I added that if it's a Windows machine, then it would open the models within the directory, otherwise it would open the models from the hardcoded string that Michael modified. I originally put in the Readme that before uploading them to the master server, it would tell the user to move those files out of the project and copy the live server files then delete them again and move the local ones back in but that would be to complicated and I felt like that adding if statements would ease hassle.

Also I have to make sure nothing gets pushed to the Master branch for whoever is taking over my project as it can only be edited by the Op's team.

### Optional home page

I modified the home page so that it it clearly indicate that it's an optional section, rather than the user thinking that it's mandatory to select the fields, I used a bootstrap card themed template to separate these into a mandatory and an optional section. 

## Resources

<a href="https://gitlab.op-bit.nz/BIT/Project/MediaAnalytics/mediaanalytics">Old repo</a>
<br>
<a href="https://gitlab.op-bit.nz/BIT/Project/Assisted-Technolgy/Media-Analytics">New repo</a>